Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Do they lay you on your back in the grave.
or on your stomach?
They cremate us. right? So. I don't know.
Amol Amre sir.
would you like to say something?
I'm here to give these people
one last warning.
Under the guise of massage parlors.
they're running filthy businesses
and trying to defame
India's great culture and values.
And I swear on the thousands of workers
standing with me.
if I win the next election…
I will shut down
all these illegal rackets.
And these women
working in massage centers.
sisters and daughters of this country.
I will try to give them honest work
and help them stand on their feet again.
That's all I want to say.
-What kind of leader do we want?
-One more question. sir!
Hey!
Not here.
Only inside.
-Okay!
-Go!
Up!
AMRE SIR
Respected sir.
whatever you did in the room today.
I've recorded everything.
Sending you a teaser.
Also note. sir.
if anything happens to me. even
viral fever. your video will go viral too.
No. madam. You're not listening.
I've already called you six times
in the last two days.
I understand. sir.
May I put you on hold for two minutes?
No. no. no. Please don't put me on hold.
And what is this lousy music
you make us listen to?
SHREE SHARADASHRAM APARTMENTS
You're not understanding.
-Six rupees.
-Good morning. sir.
My wife paid six extra rupees
for last month's phone bill.
Yes. sir. It will be credited
to your account next month.
-But why are you panting. sir?
-Panting?
-What's your name?
-Payal. sir.
Is this call being recorded
for quality purposes?
Yes. sir.
Very good.
So. Payal. my child…
I'm a 73-year-old man. Okay?
The stress you're putting me through…
At this rate. your current customer
will soon become my future widow.
Sir. please don't stress.
Your charges will be reversed
in next month's bill.
Next month? By next month.
my wife will take you to court.
For my heart attack.
Payal. my child. do one thing.
Refund it to me in cash.
I'll come to headquarters. Okay?
Sorry. sir. I can only credit it.
But thank you for calling Telecorex.
An executive from…
-Good morning. uncle.
-Get lost!
Hey!
What is it?
-How much?
-Three hundred and seven.
Give five hundred.
I didn't go shopping this morning.
I exercise.
Oh. yeah?
-Then did you steal this from the temple?
-Hey!
Hey!
Hey. my banana!
My banana.
-Brother will pay.
-Hey!
Deduct it from the rent.
At least. bathe once in a while.
-How much?
-Three hundred and seven.
Three hundred se…
Did he come from Manali or what?
Our country's lanes may be narrow.
but the stories here are truly strange.
Today's incident is no different.
Makes you wonder.
what really caused this death?
Was it the okra curry.
whose recipe Pappu's mother criticized
in the common chat group?
-The light in the sky has turned on.
-Or was it Mrs. Srivastav…
Why do you need the tube light?
Switch off the tube light.
Mumbai gets cold only for a few days.
Enjoy it. Why do you need a fan?
They say it might even snow this time.
Global warming. brother. global warming!
Good thing. we'll save on expenses.
Shilpa. why do you have to watch murder
and bloodshed first thing in the morning?
One day we'll end up
in some horrific incident ourselves.
How so?
If someone comes…
Then… Like this…
I'll slam them down.
I didn't earn my judo black belt
just to tighten my pants.
I'll save you.
And who will save you from me?
What are you staring at?
These two gray hair of mine?
No. no! You're looking hot.
Go butter your old aunties.
Living in this apartment complex.
I'll turn old myself.
I'll remove it with watercolors.
These things don't come out
with watercolors.
This apartment complex
shouldn't be called "Peace Shelter."
it should be "Rest in Peace Shelter."
Why don't we move somewhere else?
Shilpa! Same topic again!
At least look at the rent.
It's still stuck in old people times.
This…
This is your Fateha aunty's burqa.
It keeps falling every day.
And you won't find a cheaper. prettier.
more durable house anywhere.
Dude. I'm serious.
I can't tolerate these old people anymore.
Come on. let's have a baby.
Hey! One second. one second! What is this?
If you're bored. you have a baby?
Is that how it works?
If you're bored. play ludo. Watch reels.
Shilpa. kids are a lifetime investment
with zero returns. No benefit at all.
Get lost. dude!
Okay. listen! Good news.
What?
I spoke to those Telecorex people.
Those six rupees. remember?
They'll credit it
in your next month's bill.
Enjoy!
Six rupees!
So much effort for six rupees?
Your illness is getting worse.
Hey. it's six rupees. Hard-earned money.
You can get two bananas for six rupees.
if you bargain well.
All right. forget it.
-Will you eat hard-earned roti or paratha?
-Nothing.
Free toast. At D'Souza aunty's place.
By the way. dinner is also free today.
Free? How?
Forgot?
It's Guruji's daughter's wedding.
Again?
How many daughters does your Guruji have?
Come back early this evening.
We have to buy a gift too.
Gift?
Aunty!
Aunt…
Good morning!
Good morning. Ramakant.
-Good morning.
-How are you?
I'm good. Thank you.
This is your Unani medicine
for constipation.
You're such an angel.
Thank you for remembering.
No. no. aunty.
If I don't take care of you. who will?
Because of this medicine business.
I couldn't even have breakfast today.
Breakfast?
Yes. sure.
Toast?
Here.
Oh. no. no. no!
It's burnt. it's burnt. Wait…
-No. no. It's okay. It's okay. aunty.
-Okay.
This toaster has gone bad too.
What happened?
Didn't it happen properly this morning?
It did… a little.
So. aunty…
Did I tell you Shilpa's IVF is going on?
We're trying for a baby. you know.
It took a lot of convincing.
But I love kids.
It's very expensive.
The expenses are really high.
Aunty.
If the rent could be reduced a little.
it would help a lot.
I'll butter your bread.
Don't put too much butter.
There will be no rent reduction.
Bloody con man.
Bloody smoker!
This is my house! I'll decide
what happens here and what doesn't!
Go back to your Manori. Go!
Five hundred less.
Go.
Aunty. can it be
a little more than five hundred?
D'Souza.
Your favorite marmalade…
-Marmalade I've got for you.
-Thank you so much!
-Hello. Pherwani aunty.
-Eat it. Hello.
Please sit. please. Sit. sit.
I was just leaving.
Thank you. Thank you.
Noir Mirage?
-Yes.
-Suits your personality.
Thank you. Thank you.
It's also on discount at my shop.
Very good.
-All right. aunty.
-Okay.
We'll talk. Let me know. Okay. Bye. aunty.
-Bye.
What. Guddu bhai? Such a huge amount?
Did you bring a camel from Dubai
along with the perfume for me this time?
You're selling fake stuff at real prices.
And it hurts you to pay real prices
even for fake stuff?
-No. no…
-Take it back…
No. no. Guddu bhai. come on…
Bring it.
Come on. Guddu bhai!
You're like a brother.
This is great. You're running the business
with a gun to my head.
My father was a shooter.
That's…
Because of my mother.
I had to enter this business.
Guddu bhai. still. please manage.
A little discount.
Ramakant bhai!
Shall I get tea? With cream?
No!
I'm "lettuce in toilet."
"Lettuce in toilet."
-Oh.
-Is my English that bad?
Just do one thing. Pay for this.
I told you to come back early.
Wear your coat.
We have to go to a wedding.
I was packing a gift for Guruji.
What did you buy that's so big?
It's Guruji's daughter's wedding.
It's not just anything.
Hey! Why are you tearing it?
Shilpa. why are you tearing…
Isn't it good?
This is a tester. right?
Did the sticker remain?
No.
How did you know?
Because I know you.
It's like your Guruji's daughter
isn't getting married.
it's like Naag Panchami.
it comes every year.
No matter what you do.
I'll take a good and expensive gift.
Close the shop and let's go.
Shilpa. it's good. It's a new tester.
Hey…
Can we take an extension cord?
-It'll be useful at home.
-Give an extension cord to your uncle.
-Hello. sir. Hello. ma'am.
-Hello.
Please look at this.
This is our new range
of appliances for the new-age family.
Anything around five hundred
to six hundred?
Sir. a data cable and mouse
will come for five hundred fifty.
That works. Let's take it.
Ma'am. tell me.
what do you like here? Look at this.
This one too. This one.
This is good. How much is it?
Five four double nine only.
Five and a half thousand?
Yes. sir. Same amount in Hindi.
What… is it made of silver or what?
Sir. stainless steel.
These days when marriages
don't last a lifetime.
this toaster comes
with a lifetime warranty.
So the crunch in relationships
lasts a lifetime.
Twelve hundred is fine for this. right?
It's light anyway.
It's a showroom. sir.
Not a vegetable market.
He's cheating us.
He's quoting a very high price.
I'm not listening to your nonsense today.
Only for you. ma'am.
four triple nine only.
Special discount for a special lady.
What's so special about her?
Apply special to both
and take fifteen hundred. Okay?
Please pack this.
Great choice. ma'am. Great choice.
This costs five thousand!
You'll get this outside for 1200… Shilpa!
What are you doing?
Two vehicles will burn fuel.
pollution will increase.
We should be responsible.
I understand everything.
Don't try to become
Greta Thunberg's uncle. Drop that.
Who?
Keep quiet and let it go.
It's a new toaster. Worth six thousand.
Thank you.
Next year we'll get
this one married too. son.
Yes. Yes. Guruji.
She is already married to you. right?
She's our daughter. Our daughter.
One photo. sir.
Yes.
This…
Show it a little higher. Yes.
Will you recover five thousand rupees
by eating?
Are you seeing that?
Look how differently
our toaster is shining.
The biggest one.
Tell your Guruji.
he shouldn't just get you a job.
he should even get you an Olympic medal.
And you can have ice cream later too.
Not just eat…
-We'll take it along as well.
-Ramakant?
-What?
-What are you doing?
Hey. people just throw it away.
They're wasting it.
We will make use of it.
How is it?
It's good.
Add some more.
We gifted a seven-thousand-rupee toaster.
And pour in the chocolate syrup too.
your favorite.
Pour it. pour it. Add this as well.
Raj. at home…
Sorry.
I thought you were my husband.
He's also wearing a coat
of the same color. actually.
-Sorry.
-It's okay.
She's so hot!
Look at her.
If you take your eyes off your own wife.
an accident will happen.
And anyway. the reason I smile is you.
Yes? I'd seen a case exactly like this
on Hoshiyar Hindustan.
Yes.
How is Guruji?
Okay. Yes. bye.
What happened?
The groom's girlfriend showed up
during the wedding rituals.
He'd already spent the wedding night
with her. She was pregnant.
What?
Now what will happen?
The wedding's off. Who knows
what will happen to the poor girl now…
Forget her!
What about the toaster?
What?
Hey. we gifted a five-thousand-rupee
toaster yesterday.
What about that?
To hell with your toaster!
A girl's life has been ruined.
and all you care about is your toaster.
No. no. I mean… how is her life ruined?
She's been saved. right?
Shut up!
Listen!
Let's go to Guruji's place this evening.
Look. what I feel is… right now…
the wound is still fresh.
Give him a little space. Yeah?
We'll go later.
Pregnant girlfriend?
Shilpa was saying we should go later.
I said. "No!"
"He's my Guruji. I'll go right now."
You can still share your happiness
with others.
But when it comes to sorrow…
you need your own people.
Yes?
I'll have tea. With parathas.
Now take your time
to marry the younger one.
After four or five years. huh?
You're right. son.
And on top of that.
there's one more task. just imagine.
So many gifts came at the wedding.
You will have to find out who gave what.
and then return them all.
-Son. that one we…
-No. no. no! I understand.
So that you people don't have
more trouble. I'll tell you myself.
That toaster was mine. The biggest gift?
Eight thousand rupees worth.
I thought Soni would feed her husband
crispy bread every morning.
Please bring the toaster.
Son. we've donated all the gifts.
Donated?
All the gifts were donated
to an orphanage.
How can you just donate them like that?
Why?
They were our gifts.
So we donated them.
What are you even saying?
Your gifts?
The wedding didn't even happen.
then how did the gifts become yours?
Wedding canceled. gifts canceled.
Bring our toaster.
No. what I'm saying is…
Tomorrow Soni will get married again.
will we give gifts again?
Should we keep doing this forever?
Who's going to invite you
to the next wedding?
Get out! Get out!
One second. One second.
One second. One second. One second.
The parathas are coming.
Let's eat and then talk.
-Get lost!
-Hey! Hey. my bag! My bag!
No… hey. yellow belt!
My wife is a black belt.
-She'll pick you up and throw you!
-Get out!
Hey… Hey. the toaster is mine. brother!
At least tell me the name
of the orphanage.
BAL BHAVAN ORPHANAGE
Hey. Pichkoo!
You put your sticker on everything.
Planning to become a minister
when you grow up?
Hey… brother. brother!
Who's in charge here?
It's Nandini ma'am. She's inside.
Hey. Pichkoo. stop!
Chunnu. Munnu. don't let the lemon fall.
Or you'll have to do one more hour.
Ma'am.
One minute. Wait a moment.
What do you want? A child?
We don't give children to single men.
There are issues. you know.
No. no. Not a child. I want this.
What? Toast?
You think this is a tea stall?
Hey. not toast. I mean…
the thing you're making the toast in.
this toaster. It's mine.
What? How did it become yours?
That judo-karate uncle donated it
for these hungry kids.
What? Judo-karate uncle?
Since when did he become
such a philanthropist?
I gifted this at his daughter's wedding.
-Oh. really?
-This is mine. Please return it.
How am I supposed to believe you?
Do you have the bill?
Who gives a wedding gift with a bill?
You think I'm that cheap?
Who takes back a wedding gift?
Only a cheap man would.
Madam. I don't need
a character certificate from you.
If you had character.
I'd happily give you one.
This is getting too much now!
You… One second.
This. this. this. I have this.
-What are you showing?
-This is the warranty card. Heatpot.
-Lifetime warranty?
-Yes.
Wow! Thank you.
Hey!
What kind of thief are you. woman?
You just kept it?
What did you say? Thief?
How dare you call me a thief?
I'm not a thief!
I went to jail for two months
on false charges.
-You are a thief! Your father's a thief!
-Hey… Father…
-Don't bring my father into this!
-Hey. I…
He's also inside on false charges.
Get out!
Chunnu. Munnu. throw him out.
-Come on!
-Get out! Throw him out!
-Go. Ma'am said get out! Go! Go!
-Hey! Hey!
Who do you think you are.
trying to intimidate me?
-Go on! Get out. get out!
-Hey! My toaster!
Came to take the toaster!
AMRE SIR
HOW MUCH MONEY DO YOU WANT?
20 MILLION
MY MAN WILL MEET YOU
BAL BHAVAN ORPHANAGE
Hello?
Yes. I took a toaster from you yesterday.
I wanted to return it and get a refund.
And I don't have the bill for it.
Sir. for this I'll need to speak
to my manager.
Yes. then connect me directly.
I'll talk to him myself.
Sir. why are you worrying?
I'll arrange a call back for you.
When will you arrange it?
The call can come anytime. sir.
You may pick it up.
Yes… no. I'll stay near the phone.
Please get it done.
-Okay. sir.
-Okay.
Mangesh. Lock the gate.
Don't let any child run away again.
I'll give thirty rupees.
Not more than that.
Bye. ma'am.
Get lost!
What. should I push your auto now?
Let's go. Move. fast.
BAL BHAVAN
Pichkoo. why do you always
have to pee at the wrong time?
Move! Move fast!
-What is it?
-What did you do at Guruji's place?
Hey… I'll come and explain.
I don't want to understand anything.
How could you even do this?
Do you have any shame?
What next. will you snatch food
from the mouths of the hungry?
I snatched it.
What?
-Thief!
-Thief! Thief!
A thief snatched a purse
from a lady's hand.
so… I will catch him
and call you back. Okay. okay.
Thief! Thief! Thief! Thief! Catch him!
Thief! Thief! Thief!
Thief! Thief! Thief! Thief!
Catch him! Thief! Thief!
You bloody smoker!
Yes! Sometimes make eggs for him.
Sometimes dry his underwear.
Useless fellow. no good for anything.
Hey!
Oh God! Oh God!
-Hello?
-Good morning. sir.
You are being offered
a five-lakh loan from our bank.
I don't want a loan. Stop calling me.
Ramakant?
Present. ma'am.
Have you heard of Bal Bhavan Orphanage?
-Yes. Just now. You mentioned it.
-Hey! Did you hear or not?
Bal Bhav… yes. yes.
it sounds familiar. ma'am.
You went there yesterday evening.
didn't you?
Oh no. no. ma'am.
We were both here. inside. playing ludo.
Last night. someone stole
a bread-toasting toaster from there.
A complaint has come.
so we'll have to investigate.
What are you trying to say?
You stole that toaster
from there yesterday.
Ma'am. how can you throw
such a cheap allegation on me?
And not just that! You also stole
two packets of "Yummy-G" biscuits.
That orphanage lady. Nandini.
she said you went there yesterday
to take the toaster back.
When she refused.
you picked it up and left.
Ma'am. they've poisoned
your ears against me.
Hey! Move aside.
Sit properly with your legs closed.
-Yes.
-Otherwise I'll break them.
What? Legs? Okay.
Talk now.
One second. What… Bal… Bal Bhav…
Ma'am. now I remember…
Yes. yes! I remembered. I remembered!
You should've said it earlier. Now I…
Shilpa. I did go there yesterday.
It was to give the warranty card. ma'am.
for the toaster.
What's written on my forehead?
Hey! Speak the truth!
All right. ma'am.
I'll tell the truth.
I went to the orphanage.
And that lady there. Nandini ma'am…
she feeds those poor kids dry bread.
If you hold it.
then it will crumble into powder.
And she herself eats butter-slathered
toasted bread. I said I'd expose her.
That's why… that's why she got furious.
And "Yummy-G"?
Ma'am. I'm the kind of person
who stays hungry himself
and distributes "Yummy-G" packets
to poor kids at traffic signals.
And to adults. "Mummy-G."
You can ask my wife. She'll tell you.
You tell them. Shilpa.
Tell ma'am the truth.
The truth?
-You suspect him?
-Yes.
Then search him.
Yes. ma'am. Please search.
The house.
Start. you people.
There should also be a nail-cutter
of ours. See if you can find that as well.
Not finding it. right?
Found it?
-Not found. ma'am.
-Not found. madam.
He must have hidden it somewhere.
-I'll give him two slaps…
-No!
Ladies police can't touch gents.
Okay.
This was fine. right?
When my sir comes here.
he'll strip him naked and take him away.
Yes! You didn't find the toaster. did you?
Now next time come with a warrant.
Get out now!
-Out!
-Move. move!
Out!
Get out!
Did you get hurt?
Good morning. mumma.
Holy mother of God!
How did this bat wake up
like a human being so early today?
I've got work. mumma.
Work!
The stash is gone. Need to go score.
It's genuine work. mumma.
Genuine! Okay. okay. Genuine work.
Do one genuine thing for me too.
Get my toaster fixed.
And mind you. if you sell it. I'll sell
you straight to India's Most Wanted.
Rascal! He didn't even take my toaster.
Food.
I didn't go to Guruji's place
to take anything.
I went to give the warranty card.
But they misunderstood me.
Today that policewoman came to our house
and called me a thief.
The world can think whatever it wants.
I don't care.
But you…
I've lost my appetite.
Please come.
A sherbet.
The glass is already full.
-Keep drinking and move ahead.
-Hey!
This has been arranged
by Amre sir. Come along. Yes. you too.
It's empty.
Here you go.
Hey. hey! Eat it. eat it. eat it!
This. this. this. this. this!
This. this. this! Yes!
Don't move. darling. or you'll die.
Yes! What an awesome sticker!
Pichkoo!
Come on. forget it. Let's play.
What about the deal?
Yes.
Ever since your message came.
Amre sir has stopped thinking
about the nation and Maharashtra.
He's thinking only about you.
Come on. darling.
Think and name your price.
Hey…
It's fixed.
Hey. it's Amre sir's matter.
I come here every Sunday.
Awesome!
What. darling?
Did you enjoy it?
Why though?
Safety belt.
You don't get a safety belt
like this in life.
Anything can happen.
Road accident. drug overdose.
Murdered by Amre sir.
but they show it as suicide. Who knows?
You never know. Anything can happen.
Come on.
I'll come back soon to your place
to pick up my stuff.
And eat
Pichkoo toast made by aunty. Yeah?
Go on. Take care.
Bye.
Mumma. Mumma. you okay?
Oh yeah! I…
Ever since you popped out.
nothing else ever did.
Don't worry. Ma.
I am going to say something now.
I'll just get out of your life in a flash.
Get out!
Just get out!
Yes. at least death will be peaceful.
You didn't let me live in peace.
at least let me die!
This heart attack happened
because of constipation.
Eating too much bread
makes your stomach bloated.
It causes constipation.
I'm a doctor. man. I know.
Eat less.
You're not at a feast.
You're at a funeral.
My father used to say.
the more you eat at a funeral.
it all goes to the soul of the dead.
That's why I'm eating.
If you eat so much bread.
even aunty's soul will get constipated.
Have you tried my berry pulao?
Thank you. aunty.
He'll sing a song.
I…
I'd like to say two words about my mumma.
Mumma…
Mumma!
Glen. My son.
True to his word.
He said only two words.
Excuse me.
What is this?
I also…
want to say something for D'Souza aunty.
But more than two words.
D'Souza aunty…
Best aunty.
She treated me exactly like her own son.
Hey!
In fact. even more than her own son.
Even while leaving.
she did only good deeds.
Before dying. aunty called me.
She told me.
"Ramakant. my son."
"From today. your rent…
will be reduced by five thousand rupees."
-No!
-Yes!
Maybe. maybe.
I said. "Aunty…"
One second.
-I'm okay. I'm okay.
-Hello?
Sir. can you bring the toaster
in a day or two?
-The refund can be arranged.
-It will be?
-Yes.
-All right. I'll come tomorrow morning.
-Okay. sir.
-Yes. thank you.
Thank you. thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Hey! What? What?
Hello.
Thank you.
-Aunty.
-Yes.
Is there some extra pulao?
I'll take some home too.
-Of course. I'll get it…
-No! It's okay. Thank you. I'll take it.
Hey!
What are you doing?
That's mine. I gave it to aunty
for safekeeping. I said I'd take it later.
You bloody vulture!
Mumma hasn't even gone
and you've come to pick at the flesh?
You'll steal things from the house now?
You hyena vulture!
What do you mean…
what do you mean. vulture?
This toaster is mumma's. Put it down!
-I bought it. It's my toaster.
-Put it down!
This was Shilpa's surprise gift.
And what's it to you?
Now D'Souza aunty is gone.
Sell everything in the house
and smoke it up.
Have some shame. you con artist!
What were you saying outside.
that mumma reduced your rent?
-Yes!
-Yes? You liar!
Would I make a dead woman lie?
Mumma isn't dead. Mumma is alive here.
-Come quick! Come quick.
-Mumma…
Something's happened to Shilpa.
-Hey!
-Come.
Mumma! You didn't go anywhere.
mumma. You're right here.
It's an allergic reaction.
-What?
-See this. Look.
-Even her skin is turning red.
-Move back.
Is she allergic to berries?
Is she?
You didn't tell us earlier.
If we'd known. we would've told you.
-She will survive. right. doctor?
-Yes.
Hey. it's a minor issue.
I'll prescribe some medicine. Okay?
Take her to a real doctor.
-Come on.
-Go. Get up.
-Come on. come on. come on. come on.
-Come on.
Let me know if you need any help. okay?
-Sure. sure. Yes.
-Yes.
-Take rest.
-Come on.
Shame on you. Mumma…
Let's go.
Hey!
Mumma?
Is that you. mumma?
I knew you'd come to see me
one last time. mumma.
I'm right. right. mumma?
I ruined your life. mumma.
I was a sinner. mumma? Say it. mumma!
I was a sinner. mumma?
Mumma. Say it. mumma!
Say it. mumma!
Don't feel guilty about me.
If you were anyone's son. you'd be a sin.
You'd never be a virtue.
Mumma.
But I forgive you.
What happened to your voice. mumma?
My voice…
The smoke from your drug
ruined my throat. you idiot!
Oh. sorry. mumma. Sorry. I…
I brought so many problems
into your life. mumma.
I'm such a bad son. mumma.
Good you died. mumma.
-Go on. Die. Die.
-Okay. okay. okay.
-But. mumma!
-What? What is it?
What?
I want to see your face.
Face? No. no. no. I… I…
Got a cough.
You'll get a viral infection. son.
No. no. it's okay. mumma. I don't care
if I get viral. COVID. or anything.
I just want to see your face. mumma.
-Don't look. son. My face. I'll…
-No. no. I want to see it. mumma.
Mumma!
Don't feel bad. But…
Your face looks like
that idiot Ramakant's. mumma.
-Yes!
-No…
What am I even saying. mumma?
Yes.
One last time. mumma.
One last time.
After this I won't say anything ever.
Mumma. one last request.
What? What is it?
One hug. mumma.
Hey. no. no. I mean…
I couldn't even poop properly while alive.
Now after dying. how will I poop?
-Smoke will come out.
-Not that "hug."
The embracing hug. mumma.
Hug… no. no. no. No "hug."
No "hug." No "hug."
-Let me do it once.
-You'll pass right through me.
Ma. I'll never get another chance
with you.
-You'll pass right through.
-Mumma. I love you. mumma.
-I love you. I love you. son. I love you.
-I love you. I love you.
-Mumma?
-Yes? Yes?
What happened to your stomach. mumma?
Are you pregnant. mumma?
Did you meet daddy up there?
Mumma. my brother? My brother…
My brother…
It is clanking. mumma.
That…
It's gas.
Mumma. what happened to you. mumma?
-Oh. my God!
-Yes? What is this…
This…
Mumma…
Mumma wants to eat toast.
You rascal!
Shame on you! My mom just died!
And you. you bastard…
Glen. Glen.
This really is my toaster.
Let me take it.
You're only going to one place. man.
Straight to jail.
I'll call the cops. you bastard! You wait!
No. Glen!
It's my toaster. Give it!
-You'll never get it! Never!
-Give it here!
You're not getting it today!
Try and take it! Come on. try!
Statue!
-Hey! No. no. no. Let go!
-Hey!
Glen. let go. Let go. let go!
Let go!
Statue!
Get lost.
Hey!
-Let go! Let go! Give the toaster!
-Hello?
Glen. let go!
Glen. give it. Glen. give it!
Drop the toaster! Let go! It's my toaster!
-I…
-My toaster.
My toaster!
I won't let go.
Let go! Let go! Let go!
I'll throw it!
-Let go!
-Mumma!
Glen?
Gle… Glen?
Why?
Hello? Police station.
Hello. madam.
I… madam…
I didn't do anything.
He's my neighbor. Glen.
I went to his house to take my toaster.
It's my toaster. madam.
But he's a total junkie. madam.
He wasn't returning it.
So we had a little… pushing around.
and then he…
he himself fell down from upstairs. madam.
And he died. madam.
But I didn't do anything. madam! Madam.
I swear on my mother. I did nothing.
-Hello? Hello?
-No. sir. I didn't steal anything.
Why are you wasting time? Let me go.
Hey! You trying to be a hero?
You steal flower pots from neighbors?
Do one thing…
Strip him. soak a slipper.
and beat his backside with it.
-Get lost from here!
-Move. Move!
Hello? Sorry. Please speak.
Hello?
Hello? Yes?
This is from the credit card company.
madam. We have a credit card scheme…
-Yes. go ahead?
-Where are you?
You left in the morning
without telling me.
Yes. I had to take a supply from Guddu.
You know Glen is dead!
Yes. yes. yes.
What? How do you know he's dead?
Yes. I mean… I mean "what?"
What? Glen is dead?
Yes?
Yes. Don't know how he died.
Must've fallen from the building.
poor guy.
How do you know
he fell from the building?
No. he was always drunk. so maybe
he fell… did he fall from the building?
Yes.
Could be suicide.
Or murder too.
Murder? Murder? Why murder?
Why would it be murder?
You keep talking nonsense!
Stop watching that Hoshiyar Hindustan show
all the time!
And please… please stay home.
If the police come. don't get involved.
Yes. Okay.
Why would it be murder?
Oh. sir!
You came early in the morning!
Yes.
-Please come in.
-Yes.
I brought it within a day.
But. sir. where's the box?
You'll toast bread. not the box.
I brought the toaster.
Yes. sir. by the way. used products
have a no-return policy.
You haven't used it. right?
No. no. Absolutely not. Not at all.
Just took it out of the box. That's all.
-Sure. sir?
-Yes. yes.
This is probably from that day
when you toasted bread to show us.
So maybe these crumbs were left behind.
We didn't use it at all.
This will come off. It'll get clean.
There's nothing. Nothing at all.
Just a little bit. It'll be fine.
Here. take it quickly. Give me my money.
-It'll be fine. man.
-No. It won't be fine. sir.
I'm a salesman too. You're a salesman too.
Don't refuse. Take this. Buy some sweets
or something. From a brother.
Hey. hurry up a bit. I need to leave.
TEN RUPEES
RESERVE BANK OF INDIA
Take your toaster and get out of here!
-Come on. man.
-I'll take all of you to court!
WHO ARE YOU? WHAT DO YOU WANT?
WAIT. YOU'LL FIND OUT.
Hey!
Who are you?
I'm the tenant.
Of the people who used to live here.
They are gone now.
Now you'll happily grab everything.
He's alive.
What nonsense is this?
Who are you. and what are you doing here?
I'm talking to you. Can you hear me?
Hello?
Hey? Why are you shouting?
Jai Hind. sir!
He's our sir.
Tell me. Salunke?
How did he die?
Sir. looks like either
suicide or an accident.
His mother also passed away
just a day earlier.
Drugs.
He used drugs. sir. Could be an accident.
You could sense it
even at his mother's funeral.
Yamraj hasn't left yet. He's still around.
Why would Yamraj go anywhere else. uncle?
Calculate the average age
in this apartment complex.
He probably meets his sales target
right here.
Excuse me. please.
Aunty's toaster got left behind.
Pichkoo!
Pichkoo?
Where did it go?
Hey! What a cool sticker!
Pichkoo!
Salunke!
Did anything…
get stolen from the house?
No. sir.
Anything missing from the kitchen?
I mean… a new mixer. toaster.
something like that?
What kind of thief steals only a toaster?
Did I ask you?
Sir. no new toaster
ever came into this house.
For years. Mrs. D'Souza used
this same one to make toast.
Used to.
Salunke! This is a crime scene.
Not the community club where everyone
shows up to play rummy.
Get everyone out. Out!
-Move now.
-Out!
Everyone out!
-Come on. madam!
-Even in family matters…
Everyone outside.
It's society business. right?
What about you?
Should I send you a special DM?
Out!
Burma uncle!
Let's go.
You should go and sleep in the park.
Speak. Baadu.
That druggie's phone. laptop.
hard disk. everything
has been taken into custody.
I'll personally check it.
But. sir. last time. I mean…
The first time I saw him last.
he had a toaster with him.
He was walking around
clutching it to his chest.
-That toaster is missing.
-Look…
Before someone gets hold
of that video. I want it.
No tension. sir. I'll find it.
Just. my ticket…
He disconnected.
It's murder. right? I think so too.
Hey!
Stop watching crime shows on TV.
Better to watch cookery shows. Okay?
Go on.
It's my TV. I'll watch whatever I want.
Hey?
She's aggressive!
B-206.
Pherwani aunty.
Aunty?
Pherwani aunty?
Aunty. Ramakant.
Aunty?
Aunty. Aunty. Namaste. aunty.
Aunty. what it looks like in the video.
it's not like that.
Wait.
Okay. okay. aunty. Sorry. sorry. sorry.
Sorry. Bad manners.
You shouldn't disturb someone
while they're using the toilet.
I didn't know. aunty. you…
you go ahead comfortably.
Take your time. aunty. Do it properly.
I will be right here.
I'll wait right here.
But. aunty. what you saw in the video.
it's not like that.
You should watch the video
again carefully.
You knew Glen. right? That drunk. druggie.
He was drunk even then. aunty.
He lost balance and fell on his own.
Aunty. I didn't do anything. Really.
There's already so much stress
in life. aunty.
Shilpa's IVF is going on. right?
D'Souza aunty must've told you.
She's… having issues getting pregnant.
There's a lot of stress. aunty.
The problem could be yours too.
No. no. no. aunty. Not mine.
All my tests are perfectly fit.
The doctor said I'm… a full-on lion.
That's what he said.
But poor Shilpa…
Now don't disturb me.
Go wait in the room on the right.
-In the room?
-Yes.
Okay. aunty.
And. aunty. don't make tea or anything.
I won't drink tea right now.
Next station. Kandivali. Next station…
Aunty!
Aunty. please! I didn't do…
Why. aunty?
Please let me go. Please delete my video.
It's been twenty years
since Mr. Pherwani died.
This room has been lying dry since then.
Like Malini's heart.
You know that D'Souza?
She was Malini's best friend.
But Malini was jealous of her.
Because you were so close to her.
Bitch.
Now you'll only be close to Malini.
Look at Malini.
My teddy bear.
No. aunty. Aunty. no. Aunty. Aunty.
Aunty. Aunty. please.
Please. aunty. I lied to you. aunty.
There's nothing wrong with Shilpa.
She's perfectly fine.
All the problem is in me.
Please. I'm no lion or anything.
I'm a mouse. A mouse.
Aunty. please delete it. Please.
Which aunty?
There is no aunty here.
There is only Malini here.
Malini. Call me…
Malini.
Or better still…
Call me "Maal."
"Maal"?
Maal… Maal ji.
I'll do all the household work for you.
I'll be your lifetime free maid.
I'll get your gas cylinder refilled
every month.
Do you wear diapers? I'll bring diapers.
-I'll even clean your toilet.
-Quiet!
Delete it. please.
There. Video deleted.
Now go. Get out.
Thank you. Thank you. aunty. Thank you.
Thank you. aunty.
I'll come from tomorrow.
Malini always has a backup ready.
Times. Times… times. please.
Aunty. This.
This is my toaster.
Brand new.
I bought it for 9000.
I'll give it to you for 4999. Only.
Special price for a special lady.
For Maal aunty.
Malini will keep it as a gift.
Gift?
And you too.
You're back?
Why are you lunging like that?
I had to tell you something.
I couldn't sleep at all.
Do you have any idea what's going on
in the apartment complex?
What else is going on?
There's been a murder.
Glen's.
Murder?
That policeman who came earlier…
I heard him talking to someone.
He said Glen's toaster is missing.
From the way they were talking.
it felt like the murder happened
because of that toaster.
Toaster? Murder?
Are you talking nonsense now?
Would someone throw a man down
just for a toaster?
The whole world is saying it's suicide.
And you're making up your own stories.
No.
I think Mrs. D'Souza was murdered too.
Hey! Shilpa. for God's sake. don't say
things like this in front of anyone else.
You'll land me in jail because of this.
What? Why will the police put you in jail?
If a wife spreads rumors… the anger
always falls on the husband. right?
-So this is just a rumor?
-Right?
It's a rumor? Fine. Fine.
Don't believe me.
When he's caught. I'll ask you then.
Caught? Who?
Who'll be caught?
The toaster killer.
The toaster killer?
How can you just give someone
any name like that?
Hey…
Maybe the poor guy had some compulsion.
Have you ever thought
what he might be going through?
-Who?
-Yes.
This… the toaster killer
you just mentioned.
He's not been through anything yet?
Wait till he goes to jail.
They'll strip him naked
and hang him upside down.
And the police will beat his ass
with wet slippers.
-Smack! Smack.
-Hey!
-Then.
-What? You talk absolute nonsense.
Why are you scared?
I saw it on "Hoshiyar Hindustan."
Shilpa. first of all. you…
For God's sake.
stop watching "Hoshiyar Hindustan."
Please.
Why do they soak the slippers
before hitting?
It hurts more.
Smack!
Hey.
Why aren't you picking up the phone?
Normally you'd even step out naked
to pick it up.
Yes.
Hello.
-Hello?
-Since last night…
No. I don't want to talk about
that cursed night at all.
All right then.
The police will talk to you
after watching the video.
At your age. you're blackmailing people?
Fear God. At least fear God.
What do you…
What exactly do you want. Aunty?
Patience. my teddy bear.
Yes. Guddu.
That "Sheetal Gold Pan Masala" guy look.
wear the red tracksuit and come.
Tonight. Okay?
Yes. fine. Guddu. I'll come tonight.
Guddu.
Hello. Aunty.
So after Mrs. D'Souza.
she's your new friend now?
Shame on you.
Ramu!
My red teddy bear!
Hello. Aunty.
Yes. yes. yes. yes.
What happened?
I'm a little tired.
Did you climb a mountain?
A mountain climbed on me.
Find me.
If I become Deputy CM tomorrow and people
say I'm playing "threesome." "threesome."
how will that look?
-It'll look dirty. Very… very dirty.
-Yes?
Will it look good? It will not. right?
No. it'll look dirty.
-Bring the video.
-I'll get it.
Do whatever you have to do.
-If you want to burn him alive. burn him.
-Okay.
-If you want to kill him. kill him.
Hello?
Yes? Where are you?
I'm stuck somewhere.
Yes.
Okay. okay. okay.
Come quickly. okay? Okay.
You're not allergic to berries. right?
-Yes. Greetings. sir.
-Yes. greetings. Tell me.
We checked the laptop and the hard disk.
-Everything.
-Yes. did you find it?
-It's nowhere.
-What?
I think your video must be
inside that toaster itself.
Your content is so hot. after all…
it probably got toasted.
But you do know which toaster it is?
You know that. right?
-Yes… yes. sir. Yes.
-Then?
I saw it. It had a yellow sticker on it.
named Pichkoo.
-Then go and find it.
-Don't worry.
I'll find it. Hundred percent. Promise!
Sir.
You also remember your promise. Okay?
Those Disneyland tickets…
My teddy bear.
See you tomorrow.
Are you secretly looking
at your own photo?
Or were you looking for that video?
It's not here.
WHAT EXACTLY IS IN THE TOASTER?
Toaster kill…
Shilpa.
I need to tell you something.
Yes. say it.
I…
This… This…
This…
This… Where did this come from?
Mrs. Pherwani gave it.
Your new friend.
What happened? Everything okay?
No. nothing… nothing.
Okay. then please spread this
on the bread for me.
Ramu!
Are you not shamed?
Smack!
He is an asshole.
Kill him! Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!
-What is it?
-Ramu.
Come tonight at 09:30.
Aunty. I can't come tonight.
I'm taking Shilpa out today.
And anyway. I'm exhausted.
Every night I reach home at three.
I keep lying to Shilpa so much.
I can't do this anymore. Aunty.
You can't?
No.
Then do one thing.
Leave Shilpa.
What? Have you lost your mind?
She's my wife. I love her very much.
You love her?
Yes.
Then you'll have to pay the price
for that love. Ramu.
What price?
Five million.
Aunty. kick me fifty times.
a hundred times if you want.
But please spare my life.
Fifty lakhs.
-F… f…
-Fifty lakhs.
Fifty lakhs?
Aunty. where will I bring
fifty lakhs from?
Even if I sell both my kidneys.
I won't get fifty lakhs.
Aunty. you know my condition.
I live in a rented house.
On top of that. you've made me
your free servant. No salary at all.
Sometimes massage. sometimes dance.
sometimes wash clothes. sometimes dust.
sometimes mop. sometimes chase rats.
sometimes kill lizards.
sometimes crack jokes.
sometimes play antakshari.
sometimes hide-and-seek.
sometimes play bird-fly.
I don't want to play bird-fly!
Why should I play bird-fly?
Aunty. honestly.
I don't have that kind of money.
You don't have money?
Then yesterday when we went out
for Chinese food.
you were jumping around
and tipping the waiter so generously.
When did we go out?
Aunty. we never went anywhere.
I came to your place. then went home
and slept after eating undhiyu.
You're making up stories in your head.
Aunty. please go see a doctor. Please.
Not a doctor.
I'll show your video to the police.
Arrange fifty lakhs quickly.
Otherwise you'll be
grinding flour in jail.
Aunty…
Hello. Fateha.
How can Pherwani miss your kitty party?
I'm coming.
What's going on?
What happened. brother?
No bargaining?
Did you make too much money today?
Life itself has become worth two pennies.
What bargaining should I even do?
Ramakant.
What happened. man?
Is everything okay?
Everything is ruined. Guddu bhai.
I'm under the spell of a witch.
Honestly. I don't think
you're the "having-an-affair" type.
It's not an affair.
Blackmail.
Blackmail?
Guddu bhai.
You've got a lot of connections
in Dubai. right?
Yes.
Do you know some gangster-type brother
who can handle this?
Tonight. eleven o'clock. Cheetah Bar.
Ramu.
The witch. The witch.
I heard you want to get rid of the witch.
Guddu bhai.
Come.
Where's that Dubai guy
you were supposed to introduce me to?
Day time. I'm Guddu AM.
Night time. I'm Guddu PM.
Phew!
Guddu bhai.
Visiting card?
-Yes.
-What if the police get hold of it?
How will they get it? There's only one.
I give it and take it back.
You'll do it yourself. right?
But… have you done
something like this before?
I'm making my debut for you.
Debut?
Guddu bhai. it's nothing big.
We just have to make a threat
and get the video. That's it.
I got it.
-Twenty-five thousand rupees.
-What? Twenty-five thousand?
Guddu bhai. I'm your friend.
And I'm giving you a break. at that.
No. you tell me… these days does anyone
get a chance without nepotism?
Guddu bhai. I'm saying this properly.
You should be paying me.
Free.
-Free?
-Yes.
Deal. Eat. It's free.
Consider your job done.
Be careful.
Ramu.
What is this?
What is this? What is this?
Delete Ramakant's video. aunty.
WORK IS DONE.
COME TO THE OLD WOMAN'S HOUSE.
Guddu bhai.
Aunty?
You threatened her so badly… she fainted.
You don't know…
my Guddu bhai is very dangerous.
Guddu bhai. the video has been deleted.
A party is definitely due.
No. no. Guddu bhai.
Neat is not good. Not neat.
I'll take ice… will you take ice?
Aunty?
Aunty. is there ice in the house…
Okay. fine. Go to sleep. Go to sleep.
Guddu bhai.
If your Sontu papa were alive today…
he'd be so proud today.
Guddu bhai?
Your Guddu bhai has gone
to his father now.
What did you do to my Guddu bhai?
Idiot!
Now dispose of the body.
Dispose of? How will I dispose of it?
I don't know how these things are done…
or where.
I know one place.
Wait. Wait. Not there.
There.
Why? What's here?
The prince of this theme park
is buried here.
Mr. Pherwani.
What?
Trying to keep this useless house alive.
he himself…
Died?
What is this?
A pillow.
For your friend's comfort.
Sorry. Guddu bhai.
Do they lay you on your back in the grave.
or on your stomach?
They cremate us. right? So. I don't know.
-Face up.
Ramu!
What?
Hammer one thing into your head
like a nail.
If anything happens to Malini.
your video and this location pin
will go straight to the police.
-Madam. I already told you…
-Madam.
First. give me a written note
that poor orphan children
are not allowed to eat toast.
We are looking for your toaster. right?
What nonsense is this investigation?
I gave you the thief's name.
address. everything.
And you still can't find
one toaster for me?
One minute. One minute.
-Salunke.
-Yes. sir.
What kind of toaster?
Sir. my toaster.
Look. I even have a photo.
Where does this toaster thief live?
In Glen D'Souza's building.
The next tower.
His name is Ramakant Parikh.
He's Glen's tenant.
Sir. we searched the entire house.
The toaster was not found.
Sir. now I'll search and show you…
Watch how the toaster turns up.
No. Look. madam…
The police are doing their job.
If we find it. we'll inform you.
What will you people ever find?
Give me my phone.
Just drink water and go to sleep tonight.
Madam. you can even eat air.
Want a slap?
SHREE SHARADASHRAM APARTMENTS
Where were you all night?
Why was your phone switched off?
I went with Guddu to the dock.
You were at the dock with Guddu?
Or were you rolling in the mud with a pig?
Don't annoy me first thing in the morning.
You weren't here all night. So obviously
I'll annoy you first thing the morning.
Now you also start climbing on my head?
Me too?
Who else climbs on your head?
Shilpa. I need to pee. Move.
I don't care. Pee in your pants.
But tell me. where were you all night?
-Hey…
-Tell me.
Go. Open the door.
I'm not opening it. Tell me.
Hey. it'll come out!
Let it come out. I don't care. Tell me!
Shilpa…
Ramakant?
Yes.
"Found him!" Move!
Hey! Shilpa!
-One second. sir. Hello? One second.
-Move!
-Hey. what are you doing?
-Move. move!
Where are you taking me?
Hey. sir… uncle. look!
-Move. Move!
-Hey. where are you… Shilpa! Shilpa!
Where are you taking me?
I'll file a police complaint against you.
You can't kidnap people like this.
-Yes. go ahead and complain.
-What?
I am the police. And we're going
to the police station. Move.
What? Sir… sir.
Ramakant!
-Sir… Shilpa!
-Stop!
-Sir. why are you harassing me?
-Stop right there!
I'm harassing you?
You steal toasters
meant for orphan children?
Toaster?
I know.
You're looking for Glen's toaster. right?
What is there in that toaster?
Hey. shut up! What nonsense
are you talking?
Hey. don't play detective. They're cops.
You'll get me beaten up.
Shut up. you.
I heard you talking to someone
on the phone.
What's inside that toaster?
Has she fallen headfirst?
He's speaking in Marathi.
"Have you fallen headfirst or what?"
-Shut up!
-That's him! That's him! Yes. that's him!
Hey! You bloody thief! Sir!
I'm telling you. strip him
and lay him on ice. then call me.
I'll beat him up so badly!
Madam. why did you come here?
I'm handling the matter. okay?
Oh. sir! The police finally woke up
after so many days.
I thought I'd handle it myself.
Why aren't you talking?
Why aren't you telling the truth?
I had seen that uncle.
Police uncle. I even stuck a sticker
with my name on the toaster.
This madam hit me a lot with her slipper.
She said. "Is this your father's toaster?"
Say only what you were told to say.
And don't bring fathers into it. Got it?
Is your name Pichkoo?
Sister. how do you know?
Yes! You're very famous. that's why.
Are you involved too?
Involved? What involved? Involved in what?
Sir… Shilp…
One second. One second. One second.
It was me? Was it me? I was there. right?
Turn around. Turn around. Turn around.
Yes. Now tell me.
-Which one of us three is the man?
-Hey!
-Did you see that. sir?
Sir! The toaster costs five thousand.
I checked online.
And if we give you five thousand?
Will you take back your complaint?
For five thousand? Yes. I will.
-Oh?
-I'll buy it on online sale.
Here. five thousand.
Yes. yes. It'll be five. It'll be five.
So the case is closed now.
Yes. yes. Case closed. Let him go.
Hey. "let him go. let him go"?
How can the case end like that?
It's an out-of-court settlement. Look.
-He…
-Come on. You come with me. brother.
I'll deal with you!
You called me a gents. didn't you?
There are murders in this city.
There is blackmail.
And you are defaming a decent man
over a toaster?
He's not decent. He's a thief!
No. no. no. I know him very well.
Personally.
Right? Now you please leave.
Or should we file a complaint
against you too. for harassment?
You…
Sir.
Thank you. aunty.
We'll pay you back.
Oh no. no. What are you saying?
You people are our own.
Then I also have some right
over Ramakant. don't I?
Right. Ramakant?
Come on.
Thank you.
-Welcome.
-Did you steal the toaster?
-No. Shilpa.
-Did you steal the toaster or not?
I'll go say thank you and come.
One second.
You keep quiet.
You've been lying to me about everything.
I'll tell you. Let me say
thank you to aunty first.
Did you steal the toaster or not? Tell me.
Hey. I'll come and explain properly.
You lied to me about everything.
Everything!
No. Shilpa. I'll come and tell you.
I'll just say thank you to aunty.
Yes. go. Go say thank you. Go!
Hey! Shilpa!
Shilp…
I'm coming.
Aunty. Aunty.
Are you trying to trap me?
What was the need to give money?
I was handling it.
"In this barren land…
a new bud has bloomed."
What?
"Like new life…
stretching itself awake." Ramu.
Have you been reading poetry
on the back of trucks?
What is this "stretching-vretching"?
Wha…
I'm going to be the mother of your child.
Lies. Who gets pregnant from a massage?
SHIV SHANKAR GANESH
Oh. God!
You know everything anyway.
Today. you'll have to tell me.
No. you tell me.
Is this stinginess something
I chose for myself?
I inherited it!
My father was even stingier than me.
He was stingy even in family planning.
That's why I was born early.
God. what mad woman
have you trapped me with?
She keeps cooking up fake stories
in her head.
Have mercy. Save me. please.
My marriage will break.
Shilpa will leave me. God.
And I won't be able to live without her.
You know that.
Now you decide.
Please. Please.
Got you!
Tell me. where is that toaster?
AMRE SIR
WE FOUND THE TOASTER. SIR.
I'M SENDING THE LOCATION PIN.
Come on.
Hey. move it.
No. You go. sir. I won't go. I'm scared.
Scared of an old woman? Be a man.
Sir. this isn't a house.
It's a witch's cave.
-You don't know that aunty.
-Hey. enough. Please.
Do one thing. Message her.
Say you're coming.
Tell her to open the door.
The door will already be open.
Which flat?
B Wing. 206.
All the best. sir.
Ding-dong!
Aunty?
Ding-dong?
Ding-dong. ding-dong?
What is this?
Hey. aunty. where did you go
leaving the door open?
A thief will come and take the toaster
and all. Then you'll come complaining.
Where are you hiding?
Turns out you're a bigger player than me.
THE JOB IS DONE.
COME TO THE OLD WOMAN'S HOUSE.
Balgaode sir?
What!
Sir?
Hey! Sir!
Are you determined to turn Malini
into a serial killer?
You know what you have to do now.
Even here you're being stingy.
You buried your friend here.
will you bury him here too?
Do I work in a graveyard or what?
Do I dig a new grave every day?
Here. go ahead. Do it yourself.
Come on. You do it!
Ramakant!
She…
What are you doing?
Game over. Ramakant.
Now that the grave is already dug.
the secret buried between Ramakant
and Malini should also come out. Right?
What secret is she talking about?
That Bipasha Basu's Raaz.
She keeps watching it on TV.
Nothing else. Just joking.
Now…
Will Ramakant tell it himself
or should Malini tell it?
No. no. no! Two… two minutes. Two minutes.
Please stay quiet for two minutes. I…
-I…
-What will you tell?
Ramakant is speaking.
You stay quiet. Stay quiet.
You go away.
Shilpa…
This old woman has completely lost it!
Try to understand
what Ramakant is saying. okay?
What happened?
Why are you scared of Ramakant?
Not of Ramakant.
she is scared of his boss.
Balgaode sir!
Do you know The Undertaker?
Yeah… that…
That's me.
You filthy old hag. I'll…
You'll hit me? You'll hit me?
I'll…
I'll choke-slam you. got it?
Speak up! Where is the toaster? Speak up!
Why do you need the toaster?
Video.
It's inside that toaster. right?
I told you there's something
in that toaster.
There's nothing. Shut up!
How do you know
there's a video in the toaster?
I know everything. Give it now.
Kill me if you want.
I won't tell you where the toaster is.
I'll kill you. okay?
Right here. I'll kill you.
Got it?
Where is the toaster?
There's a video of Ramakant
in the toaster.
in the toaster. Shilpa.
What nonsense are you talking?
Which video of Ramakant is in the toaster?
Hey. man!
Which video of yours is this now?
I mean… Amre said… it's his video
with some ladies. He says it's his vi…
Ouch!
So… you and Amre have something
going on. right? An affair?
Hey!
What is he talking about?
Who is this Amre.
and what do you have going on with him?
There's nothing! Who's Amre? What Amre?
Your curse. my boss. Amre!
Hey. hey. hey! Hey!
Bring it out! Bring the toaster. Come on.
You'll kill me? You'll kill me?
-Go on. kill me!
-Okay.
You hit her!
Hitting an old woman…
-Hey!
-Sir! Sir!
I want my toaster right now!
Sir. sir. sir. sir!
Sir. don't shoot. sir.
Shilpa. are you okay? Are you okay?
Are you okay? Sir… sir… sir.
Ramakant will give you the toaster.
-Okay.
-Ramakant is giving you the toaster. sir.
-Hold fire.
-Yes.
Sir. Here's the toaster.
Yes!
I'll take it out.
Thank you.
Look at her! Are you crazy or what?
Hey! Hey!
-Move back. And don't interfere.
-Okay.
And you! You tell me the whole truth.
You're not just a miser.
-You're a liar too.
-Let's go home and talk.
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
I don't want to play anymore.
I don't want to play at all.
Kill me. Kill me.
Kill Ramakant!
Why do you keep referring to yourself
as "Ramakant. Ramakant"?
This is also her doing. This witch.
The one who's still standing here.
She just won't die.
You were asking. right. what is there
between Malini and Ramakant?
That massage… massage. doctor…
Shilpa…
Physical relationship.
She's lying! She used to make me do
all kinds of dirty things. Shilpa.
Shut up!
So…
So. that's why you wanted to live in that
old people's apartment complex. right?
No. no. No. no.
So that's why you find
these four white hairs of mine hot?
-They are hot.
-Shut up!
Shilpa. you… don't judge her
by her age… she…
She's a man of steel!
This woman can do a hundred pull-ups
with one hand. all by herself!
All this…
Shilpa. all this happened because of this…
this cursed toaster.
You remember this. right?
I stole this from the orphanage.
Thief! Thief!
Leave it! Leave it! Leave it! Leave it!
-My toaster!
-Leave it!
I got scared. Shilpa!
All of this mess…
is because
of this cursed toaster!
What is this?
Two SD cards?
Stay right here! No. no. no. No.
Ramu. Ramu.
Give it.
Put the card in. Show the video.
The number you have dialed
is currently bu…
I have put it.
Speak my name… Amre…
Amru! Amru!
Please. stop this.
This is enough for today. Please.
-Yes. sir… Don't…
-Hey! Bring it here. Show it here.
Sir.
You're a policeman. right?
Do something.
Wake up the animal inside you. sir.
Hail Maharashtra. sir! Hail Maharashtra!
Hey. not this side! That side. sir.
That side. that side.
Drop the gun. Drop the gun.
The gun…
You thug! Drop it!
Drop the gun! Drop it! Drop it!
Drop it! Drop the gun!
Drop it. you bitch. drop the gun!
Shilpa!
Here. Here.
Ramu!
Out of bullets.
-I'll go and check.
-Shilpa. no. no. She'll kill you.
I didn't earn my judo black belt
just to tighten my pants.
"Just to tighten my pants." yeah. I know.
She'll beat you up so badly.
she'll turn your pants into a petticoat.
-You… just shut up.
-Shilpa! Shilpa! Shilpa!
Why are you bowing to her like that?
Stop fighting!
Ramakant.
Leave her alone!
I told you she's a man of steel!
Stop fighting!
So were you waiting to say.
"I told you so"? Do something!
Aunty. That's enough from you now.
I don't raise my hand to women.
But if I lose my temper…
Did I send you to talk?
Hey!
Hey. Baadu!
Where is Baadu?
So you're saying the bullet
that hit my Baadu…
was fired by that old woman?
Yes. Yes. sir. I swear.
Did you people see my video?
No… no. sir.
All right. You people can go.
-We can go?
-Yes.
-Do you have a safety pin?
-No. sir.
-What is it?
-What?
What do you want?
No. sir. I just wanted
to ask you one thing.
Yes?
You'll download it from the card
into the phone…
and after watching it.
you'll delete it. right?
Yes.
-Why?
-They don't know.
What?
-You don't know?
-What?
Sir. these days hackers have come up
with all kinds of tricks.
They can recover even deleted videos…
and spread them everywhere.
Nothing is safe anymore.
Sir. do one thing.
The pit is already dug.
You just bury it. Bury it.
And… it could still be found here. right?
Even if it's buried.
Yes… it could be found. Then burn it.
Burn it. End of story. Burn it.
Do you have a matchbox?
Sir. drop it in water.
If you drop it in water.
someone can dry it in rice. right?
How will it dry like that?
You put wet clothes in rice…
they come out dry.
Hey!
You ate my video.
I mean. you ate your own video?
So where will a hacker find it now?
No. no. sir. Now how will it be found?
Thank you. sir. Brother. one second.
Water.
No. sir.
-Is there water?
-No. sir.
Thank you. Shilpa. You saved me. Let's go.
We escaped. right?
We're not leaving. You leave.
What do you mean. "You leave"?
Go to some other aunty now.
Why are you saying that. Shilpa?
You saw it yourself. She framed me.
She was blackmailing me.
Tell me one thing.
If I were in your place.
what would you have done?
The petrol must've run out.
I only ever fill 50 bucks worth.
Hey! Shilpa?
Shilpa! Wait!
Shilpa… Shilpa!
You were right.
I'm sick.
I must be sick. that's why…
I went to Guruji to beg for the toaster.
And stole from an orphanage.
And honestly. Shilpa…
I didn't even feel bad.
I looked straight into your eyes and lied.
But what happened with Malini. Shilpa…
in that.
I didn't just feel bad for myself…
I felt bad for you too.
I felt bad for us.
Shilpa. I know I…
I'm sick in a miserly kind of way.
But not in a perverted kind of way.
you know.
Not at all.
I'm sorry.
By the way. there was
one more thing I wanted to tell you.
Get these four white hairs of yours
colored. please.
Brother!
If we go straight from here.
will we reach Borivali?
Yes.
One second!
-Yes?
-Borivali?
Yes. yes.
It's our anniversary.
Shall we go out for lunch?
Yes. let's go.
Happy?
Has the wedding procession arrived?
Okay. I'm coming too.
Brother. show me a good perfume.
Yes.
This one. sir. Five thousand.
Show me a slightly better one. dude.
Better?
This one. sir. Ten thousand.
-Is this your best one here?
-No. sir. We have higher than this.
Shall I show you the best?
Okay. sir.
This one. sir. Only one is there.
Yes. This one!
This is the last one left.
All the film stars use this.
Hero. heroine. villain.
-Really?
-Yes.
Twenty five thousand.
Machine. sir.
Spray worth of six rupees.
One more.
Six!
Sir. sir. sir.
This is for you.
Fifty percent discount.
Sir… one. please…
can I take one photo with you?
Subtitle translation by:
Aditi Jain
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today